>> I DO NOT HAVE THE CONFIDENCE
THAT WE NEED TO TAKE SUCH AN
IMPORTANT PART OF THE
NOMINATION PROCESS, THE DEBATES
AND TRUST THEM TO FOLKS WHO AT
THE TOP LEVELS ARE CONSULTING
DONALD TRUMP BEFORE THEY DO
ANYTHING.CHRIS: THAT IS DNC
CHAIR TOM PEREZ MAKING IT
OFFICIAL, FOX NEWS IS OUTCOME
EXCLUDED FROM POSTING ANY OF
THE 12 DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
DEBATES.
OVER THE NEXT YEAR AND WE ARE
BACK NOW WITH A PANEL.
WE ARE PREPARING FOR THIS AND I
REALIZE THAT YOU'RE THE ONLY
ONE HERE WHO HAS NO TIES EITHER
TO FOX NEWS OR TO THEM SO I
WILL LET YOU START.
--
YOUR BUST AUSTRALIAN.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE DNC
MOVE BOTH AS PRACTICAL POLITICS
AND I SERIOUSLY, SAY WHAT YOU
THINK.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT HURTING HER
FEELINGS.
>> WELL, I WASN'T SURPRISED BY
IT.
IT SHOWED TO ME THAT HE,
EXPECTED THAT HE MIGHT DO
SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
CHRIS: TOM PEREZ.
>> YES THE DNC CHAIRMAN.
SINCE IT'S A 2016 ELECTION THE
DEMOCRATIC ACTIVISTS AND
PRIMARY VOTERS.
IT'S NOT JUST FOX, THEY RALLIED
AGAINST THE NEW YORK TIMES
REPUBLISHING HILLARY EMAILS.
I'VE SEEN PEOPLE GETTING BLAMED
FOR DONALD TRUMP, WE SAW THE
BACKLASH WHEN THEY HIRED --
FROM THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT.
THE DECISION DID NOT SURPRISE
ME.
WHAT IF THAT WAS DISINGENUOUS
WAS THE EXPLANATION THAT SAID
YOU KNOW WE WANTED TO SEE IF WE
COULD EXPAND YOU KNOW WE WANT
TO REACH OUT BUT THEN HE SAID
THIS NEW YORKER STORY CAME OUT
AND IT CHANGED EVERYTHING.
THE IDEA THAT IT WAS A SECRET
THAT IT'S ON YOUR NETWORK, SEAN
HANNITY WOULD BE ONE.
CLOSE TO THE PRESENT THEY WOULD
SAY WENT ON STAGE YOU CAN SAY
SINCE TENSION OF THE
ADMINISTRATION.
THIS WAS NOT CHANGE, NO
MATERIAL FACTS IN THE NEW
YORKER STORY THAT CHANGED
ANYTHING WE ALREADY KNEW.
AND SEAN HANNITY IS NOT
MODERATING THE DEBATE.
WAS IT POLITICAL DECISION THAT
HE MADE TO SATISFY.
CHRIS: WE ASKED YOU ABOUT THE
DECISION TO EXCLUDE FOX FROM
DEBATES, WITHOUT THIS ON
TWITTER FROM -- WHAT MESSAGE
SHOULD THIS SENT TO THE PUBLIC
AT LARGE WHEN THE NUMBER ONE
LEADING NEWS NETWORK BY FAR,
FOR QUITE SOME TIME, IS DENIED
A DEBATE BY AN ENTIRE POLITICAL
PARTY BECAUSE THE PARTY
BELIEVES IT CANNOT BE TREATED
FAIRLY BY THAT NETWORK?
WHAT DOES THAT SAY AND SPEAK
TO?
A PRETTY GOOD QUESTION, JUAN,
WHAT ARE ANSWER?
>> I THINK WHAT WE HAVE TO DEAL
WITH IS WHERE LIVING IN A TIME
WHEN PEOPLE WHO ARE TRUMP
SUPPORTERS TEND TO WATCH FOX.
PEOPLE WHO ARE ANTAGONISTS TO
THE PRESENT TEND TO WATCH CNN
OR MSNBC.
THE AUDIENCE IS UNDIVIDED.
I THINK THE BASE, THE
DEMOCRATIC BASE WANTS NOTHING
TO DO WITH FOX BECAUSE OF THE
PRO-TRUMP VOICES IN THE
PRIMETIME HOUR.
BUT YOU KNOW, I WILL ANSWERS
VERY PERSONALLY AND I THINK YOU
COULD AS WELL.I'M A DEMOCRAT
AND I WORK AT FOX 23 YEARS.
I THINK NOBODY TELLS ME WHAT TO
SAY HERE.
I THINK IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
THAT DEMOCRATS PENETRATE THE
BUBBLE IF YOU WILL ON THE
RIGHT.
AND SPEAK TRUTH AS WELL AS IT
CAN BE SPOKEN.
I THINK THE DEBATE TO PICK UP
ON JONATHAN'S POINT WOULD BE
MODERATED BY REAL JOURNALISTS.
YOU'RE MY FRIEND BUT I'M NOT
SAYING THIS BECAUSE YOU'RE MY
FRIEND.
I THINK YOU'RE A REAL
JOURNALIST.
I THINK MARTHA MACCALLUM, I
THINK DANA PERINO, BRETT BAIER,
THOSE ARE PEOPLE I THINK WILL
CONDUCT A FAIR DEBATE.
NEWT GINGRICH IS SITTING HERE
WITH ME.
WE HAVE BEEN IN A DEBATE AND
HE'S ATTACKED ME AND I HAVE
GONE AT NEWT GINGRICH.
YOU CAN DO THIS BUT KEEP IN
MIND THAT FOX IS THE
MOST-WATCHED CABLE CHANNEL.
SO WE WILL REACH A LOT OF
INDEPENDENCE, WHAT I CALL
REAGAN DEMOCRATS IN THE RUST
BELT.
WHY THING MIGHT RESPOND TO THE
DEMOCRATIC MESSAGE I THINK IT
WILL BE VERY IMPORTANT.
>> ONLY PICK ON THIS WITH
SPEAKER NEWT GINGRICH.
AS A MATTER OF PRACTICAL
POLITICS, DID TOM PEREZ, THE
DNC CHAIR, MAKE A SMART MOVE IF
ONLY BECAUSE HE IS BOWING TO
THE WILL OF A LARGE AND PERHAPS
MOST VOCAL PART OF HIS BASE?
QUICKLY POINT OUT, EVEN THOUGH
I WORKED THERE I GOT HAMMERED
BY BOTH OF YOU GUYS.
[LAUGHTER]
CHRIS: DO WE REALLY WANT TO GO
BACK AND HOW YOU WENT AFTER ME?
>> I CAN ATTEST THAT YOU GUYS
WILL BE PROFESSIONAL.
AND WILL GO AFTER ANY WEAKNESS
IN EITHER PARTY.
BUT THE BIGGER ISSUE HERE IS,
IT IS THE NUMBER ONE CABLE NEWS
CHANNEL.
THE REACH IS BIGGER THAN THE
OTHERS.
AND IF YOU WANT TO BE
COMPETITIVE, LET'S TAKE SOME
EXAMPLES.
WISCONSIN, MICHIGAN, OHIO,
PENNSYLVANIA, AND YOU DON'T
WANT TO BE ON FOX, YOU CAN ONLY
GO SO FAR WITH THE BLUE STATES
ON THE COAST ON MSNBC I THINK
IS A MAJOR MISTAKE TO SAY THAT
WE ARE GOING TO SHRINK AS A
PARTY BECAUSE WE ARE AFRAID TO
BE ON FOX.
CHRIS: I'M GOING TO SWITCH.
I WANT TO TURN TO THE
CONTROVERSY OF CONGRESSWOMAN
OMAR.
HER STATEMENTS ABOUT WHY PEOPLE
IN THIS COUNTRY -- THIS
CONSUMED A LOT OF OXYGEN ON
CAPITOL HILL THIS WEEK.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> I FEEL CONFIDENT HER WORDS
NOT BASED ON ANTI-SEMITIC
ATTITUDE BUT THAT SHE DIDN'T
HAVE A FULL APPRECIATION OF HOW
THEY LANDED ON OTHER PEOPLE
WHERE THESE WORDS HAVE A
HISTORY.
>> SUPPORT FOR ISRAEL IS NOT
ABOUT THE BENJAMIN.
IT'S ABOUT THE HEARTS AND MINDS
OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
CHRIS: I ASKED CONGRESSWOMAN
HILL ABOUT THE SPIRIT HOW
DISRUPTIVE DO YOU THINK THIS
FIGHT WITH OMAR, WITH RASHIDA
TLAIB, OCASIO-CORTEZ, HOW
DISRUPTIVE IS THIS FRUIT HAS
DEMOCRATS?
>> MAJOR DESTRUCTION FOR THEM.
CERTAINLY, WE HAD A LOT OF NOT
JUST NANCY PELOSI BUT
CANDIDATES WERE ASKED ABOUT
THIS ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL.
THESE ARE NOT QUESTIONS THEY
WANT TO BE ANSWERING AT THIS
POINT.
DEMOCRATS WANTED TO FOCUS ON
THE BIG CAMPAIGN FINANCING THEY
DIDN'T HAVE A CHANCE TO DO
THAT.
IT SUCKED ALL THE OXYGEN OUT OF
THE ROOM BUT I THINK AT THE END
OF THE DAY, WHEN THE RESOLUTION
PASSED, IT CONDEMNED ALL HATE.
IT MAY HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE
BECAUSE IT ALLOWED
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR TO CLAIM
VICTORY.
SHE WENT OUT ON TWITTER AND
SAID IT'S A GREAT DAY,
ISLAMOPHOBIA HAS BEEN
CONDEMNED.
THIS IS A GREAT STEP, GREAT
PROGRESS.
AT THE END OF THE DAY THE
RESOLUTION SEEMS TO BACKFIRE A
LITTLE BECAUSE WHAT THEY WANTED
TO CONDEMN WAS ULTIMATELY
CELEBRATED BY THE PERSON WHO
MADE THE COMMENTS.
CHRIS: SPEAKER NEWT GINGRICH,
YOU EARNED THIS JOB AS SPEAKER.
DID YOU HAVE TIMES, TRYING TO
REMEMBER WHEN YOU WERE SPEAKER,
WHERE YOU HAD MEMBERS GO OFF ON
THEIR OWN AND DISRUPT?
>> OCCASIONALLY.
CHRIS: HOW DID YOU DEAL WITH
IT?
>> NOT ALWAYS SUCCESSFULLY.
ELECTED MEMBERS HAVE ACCESS TO
THE MEDIA, THEY CAN BE
IMPORTANT IN THEIR OWN WAY.
WE ARE IN A DIFFERENT ERA.
BUT I WILL SAY, WHAT HAPPENED
THIS WEEK NOT ON THIS BUT A
RANGE OF ISSUES, YOU HAVE THE
THREE TOP DEMOCRATS, PEOPLE ARE
GRANDPARENTS.THESE FOLKS ARE
ALL ALMOST 80 YEARS OLD.
NOW YOU HAVE PEOPLE IN THE
TWINS COMING LOOKING AROUND
SAYING YOU ARE THE PEOPLE THAT
FAILED.
I THINK NANCY PELOSI WILL HAVE
A VERY HARD TIME GETTING MORAL
AUTHORITY OVER HER YOUNGER